1360888497
AddClienteIdToNotaFiscal	C:/Users/SEMP/rails/loggas/db/migrate/20130112002339_add_cliente_id_to_nota_fiscal.rb	class AddClienteIdToNotaFiscal 
AddClienteIdToNotafiscal	C:/Users/SEMP/rails/loggas/db/migrate/20130114225913_add_cliente_id_to_notafiscal.rb	class AddClienteIdToNotafiscal 
AddNomeFromCliente	C:/Users/SEMP/rails/loggas/db/migrate/20130111165114_add_nome_from_cliente.rb	class AddNomeFromCliente 
Application	C:/Users/SEMP/rails/loggas/config/application.rb	  class Application 
ApplicationController	C:/Users/SEMP/rails/loggas/app/controllers/application_controller.rb	class ApplicationController 
ApplicationHelper	C:/Users/SEMP/rails/loggas/app/helpers/application_helper.rb	module ApplicationHelper
BrowsingTest	C:/Users/SEMP/rails/loggas/test/performance/browsing_test.rb	class BrowsingTest 
Cliente	C:/Users/SEMP/rails/loggas/app/models/cliente.rb	class Cliente 
ClienteTest	C:/Users/SEMP/rails/loggas/test/unit/cliente_test.rb	class ClienteTest 
ClientesController	C:/Users/SEMP/rails/loggas/app/controllers/clientes_controller.rb	class ClientesController 
ClientesControllerTest	C:/Users/SEMP/rails/loggas/test/functional/clientes_controller_test.rb	class ClientesControllerTest 
ClientesHelper	C:/Users/SEMP/rails/loggas/app/helpers/clientes_helper.rb	module ClientesHelper
ClientesHelperTest	C:/Users/SEMP/rails/loggas/test/unit/helpers/clientes_helper_test.rb	class ClientesHelperTest 
Consultor	C:/Users/SEMP/rails/loggas/app/models/consultor.rb	class Consultor 
ConsultorTest	C:/Users/SEMP/rails/loggas/test/unit/consultor_test.rb	class ConsultorTest 
ConsultorsController	C:/Users/SEMP/rails/loggas/app/controllers/consultors_controller.rb	class ConsultorsController 
ConsultorsControllerTest	C:/Users/SEMP/rails/loggas/test/functional/consultors_controller_test.rb	class ConsultorsControllerTest 
ConsultorsHelper	C:/Users/SEMP/rails/loggas/app/helpers/consultors_helper.rb	module ConsultorsHelper
ConsultorsHelperTest	C:/Users/SEMP/rails/loggas/test/unit/helpers/consultors_helper_test.rb	class ConsultorsHelperTest 
CreateClientes	C:/Users/SEMP/rails/loggas/db/migrate/20130110235421_create_clientes.rb	class CreateClientes 
CreateConsultors	C:/Users/SEMP/rails/loggas/db/migrate/20130117193846_create_consultors.rb	class CreateConsultors 
CreateDetales	C:/Users/SEMP/rails/loggas/db/migrate/20130124232715_create_detales.rb	class CreateDetales 
CreateImplates	C:/Users/SEMP/rails/loggas/db/migrate/20130116195210_create_implates.rb	class CreateImplates 
CreateNotafiscals	C:/Users/SEMP/rails/loggas/db/migrate/20130110230258_create_notafiscals.rb	class CreateNotafiscals 
CreateProdutos	C:/Users/SEMP/rails/loggas/db/migrate/20130125181744_create_produtos.rb	class CreateProdutos 
CreateServicos	C:/Users/SEMP/rails/loggas/db/migrate/20130116200423_create_servicos.rb	class CreateServicos 
CreateTecnicos	C:/Users/SEMP/rails/loggas/db/migrate/20130117193759_create_tecnicos.rb	class CreateTecnicos 
Detale	C:/Users/SEMP/rails/loggas/app/models/detale.rb	class Detale 
DetaleTest	C:/Users/SEMP/rails/loggas/test/unit/detale_test.rb	class DetaleTest 
DetalesController	C:/Users/SEMP/rails/loggas/app/controllers/detales_controller.rb	class DetalesController 
DetalesControllerTest	C:/Users/SEMP/rails/loggas/test/functional/detales_controller_test.rb	class DetalesControllerTest 
DetalesHelper	C:/Users/SEMP/rails/loggas/app/helpers/detales_helper.rb	module DetalesHelper
DetalesHelperTest	C:/Users/SEMP/rails/loggas/test/unit/helpers/detales_helper_test.rb	class DetalesHelperTest 
Implate	C:/Users/SEMP/rails/loggas/app/models/implate.rb	class Implate 
ImplateTest	C:/Users/SEMP/rails/loggas/test/unit/implate_test.rb	class ImplateTest 
ImplatesController	C:/Users/SEMP/rails/loggas/app/controllers/implates_controller.rb	class ImplatesController 
ImplatesControllerTest	C:/Users/SEMP/rails/loggas/test/functional/implates_controller_test.rb	class ImplatesControllerTest 
ImplatesHelper	C:/Users/SEMP/rails/loggas/app/helpers/implates_helper.rb	module ImplatesHelper
ImplatesHelperTest	C:/Users/SEMP/rails/loggas/test/unit/helpers/implates_helper_test.rb	class ImplatesHelperTest 
Loggas	C:/Users/SEMP/rails/loggas/config/application.rb	module Loggas
Notafiscal	C:/Users/SEMP/rails/loggas/app/models/notafiscal.rb	class Notafiscal 
NotafiscalTest	C:/Users/SEMP/rails/loggas/test/unit/notafiscal_test.rb	class NotafiscalTest 
NotafiscalsController	C:/Users/SEMP/rails/loggas/app/controllers/notafiscals_controller.rb	class NotafiscalsController 
NotafiscalsControllerTest	C:/Users/SEMP/rails/loggas/test/functional/notafiscals_controller_test.rb	class NotafiscalsControllerTest 
NotafiscalsHelper	C:/Users/SEMP/rails/loggas/app/helpers/notafiscals_helper.rb	module NotafiscalsHelper
NotafiscalsHelperTest	C:/Users/SEMP/rails/loggas/test/unit/helpers/notafiscals_helper_test.rb	class NotafiscalsHelperTest 
Produto	C:/Users/SEMP/rails/loggas/app/models/produto.rb	class Produto 
ProdutoTest	C:/Users/SEMP/rails/loggas/test/unit/produto_test.rb	class ProdutoTest 
ProdutosController	C:/Users/SEMP/rails/loggas/app/controllers/produtos_controller.rb	class ProdutosController 
ProdutosControllerTest	C:/Users/SEMP/rails/loggas/test/functional/produtos_controller_test.rb	class ProdutosControllerTest 
ProdutosHelper	C:/Users/SEMP/rails/loggas/app/helpers/produtos_helper.rb	module ProdutosHelper
ProdutosHelperTest	C:/Users/SEMP/rails/loggas/test/unit/helpers/produtos_helper_test.rb	class ProdutosHelperTest 
RemoveClienteToNotafiscal	C:/Users/SEMP/rails/loggas/db/migrate/20130111235822_remove_cliente_to_notafiscal.rb	class RemoveClienteToNotafiscal 
RemoveNomeFromCliente	C:/Users/SEMP/rails/loggas/db/migrate/20130111130432_remove_nome_from_cliente.rb	class RemoveNomeFromCliente 
ScrollSpy	C:/Users/SEMP/rails/loggas/app/assets/javascripts/bootstrap.js	function ScrollSpy(element, options)
Servico	C:/Users/SEMP/rails/loggas/app/models/servico.rb	class Servico 
ServicoTest	C:/Users/SEMP/rails/loggas/test/unit/servico_test.rb	class ServicoTest 
ServicosController	C:/Users/SEMP/rails/loggas/app/controllers/servicos_controller.rb	class ServicosController 
ServicosControllerTest	C:/Users/SEMP/rails/loggas/test/functional/servicos_controller_test.rb	class ServicosControllerTest 
ServicosHelper	C:/Users/SEMP/rails/loggas/app/helpers/servicos_helper.rb	module ServicosHelper
ServicosHelperTest	C:/Users/SEMP/rails/loggas/test/unit/helpers/servicos_helper_test.rb	class ServicosHelperTest 
Tecnico	C:/Users/SEMP/rails/loggas/app/models/tecnico.rb	class Tecnico 
TecnicoTest	C:/Users/SEMP/rails/loggas/test/unit/tecnico_test.rb	class TecnicoTest 
TecnicosController	C:/Users/SEMP/rails/loggas/app/controllers/tecnicos_controller.rb	class TecnicosController 
TecnicosControllerTest	C:/Users/SEMP/rails/loggas/test/functional/tecnicos_controller_test.rb	class TecnicosControllerTest 
TecnicosHelper	C:/Users/SEMP/rails/loggas/app/helpers/tecnicos_helper.rb	module TecnicosHelper
TecnicosHelperTest	C:/Users/SEMP/rails/loggas/test/unit/helpers/tecnicos_helper_test.rb	class TecnicosHelperTest 
TestCase	C:/Users/SEMP/rails/loggas/test/test_helper.rb	class ActiveSupport::TestCase
calcula_total	C:/Users/SEMP/rails/loggas/app/models/detale.rb	     def calcula_total
change	C:/Users/SEMP/rails/loggas/db/migrate/20130110230258_create_notafiscals.rb	  def change
change	C:/Users/SEMP/rails/loggas/db/migrate/20130110235421_create_clientes.rb	  def change
change	C:/Users/SEMP/rails/loggas/db/migrate/20130111165114_add_nome_from_cliente.rb	  def change
change	C:/Users/SEMP/rails/loggas/db/migrate/20130112002339_add_cliente_id_to_nota_fiscal.rb	  def change
change	C:/Users/SEMP/rails/loggas/db/migrate/20130114225913_add_cliente_id_to_notafiscal.rb	  def change
change	C:/Users/SEMP/rails/loggas/db/migrate/20130116200423_create_servicos.rb	  def change
change	C:/Users/SEMP/rails/loggas/db/migrate/20130116195210_create_implates.rb	  def change
change	C:/Users/SEMP/rails/loggas/db/migrate/20130117193846_create_consultors.rb	  def change
change	C:/Users/SEMP/rails/loggas/db/migrate/20130117193759_create_tecnicos.rb	  def change
change	C:/Users/SEMP/rails/loggas/db/migrate/20130124232715_create_detales.rb	  def change
change	C:/Users/SEMP/rails/loggas/db/migrate/20130125181744_create_produtos.rb	  def change
clearMenus	C:/Users/SEMP/rails/loggas/app/assets/javascripts/bootstrap.js	function clearMenus()
create	C:/Users/SEMP/rails/loggas/app/controllers/notafiscals_controller.rb	  def create
create	C:/Users/SEMP/rails/loggas/app/controllers/tecnicos_controller.rb	  def create
create	C:/Users/SEMP/rails/loggas/app/controllers/consultors_controller.rb	  def create
create	C:/Users/SEMP/rails/loggas/app/controllers/servicos_controller.rb	  def create
create	C:/Users/SEMP/rails/loggas/app/controllers/clientes_controller.rb	  def create
create	C:/Users/SEMP/rails/loggas/app/controllers/produtos_controller.rb	  def create
create	C:/Users/SEMP/rails/loggas/app/controllers/detales_controller.rb	  def create
create	C:/Users/SEMP/rails/loggas/app/controllers/implates_controller.rb	  def create
destroy	C:/Users/SEMP/rails/loggas/app/controllers/notafiscals_controller.rb	  def destroy
destroy	C:/Users/SEMP/rails/loggas/app/controllers/tecnicos_controller.rb	  def destroy
destroy	C:/Users/SEMP/rails/loggas/app/controllers/consultors_controller.rb	  def destroy
destroy	C:/Users/SEMP/rails/loggas/app/controllers/servicos_controller.rb	  def destroy
destroy	C:/Users/SEMP/rails/loggas/app/controllers/clientes_controller.rb	  def destroy
destroy	C:/Users/SEMP/rails/loggas/app/controllers/produtos_controller.rb	  def destroy
destroy	C:/Users/SEMP/rails/loggas/app/controllers/detales_controller.rb	  def destroy
destroy	C:/Users/SEMP/rails/loggas/app/controllers/implates_controller.rb	  def destroy
down	C:/Users/SEMP/rails/loggas/db/migrate/20130111130432_remove_nome_from_cliente.rb	  def down
down	C:/Users/SEMP/rails/loggas/db/migrate/20130111235822_remove_cliente_to_notafiscal.rb	  def down
edit	C:/Users/SEMP/rails/loggas/app/controllers/notafiscals_controller.rb	  def edit
edit	C:/Users/SEMP/rails/loggas/app/controllers/tecnicos_controller.rb	  def edit
edit	C:/Users/SEMP/rails/loggas/app/controllers/consultors_controller.rb	  def edit
edit	C:/Users/SEMP/rails/loggas/app/controllers/servicos_controller.rb	  def edit
edit	C:/Users/SEMP/rails/loggas/app/controllers/clientes_controller.rb	  def edit
edit	C:/Users/SEMP/rails/loggas/app/controllers/produtos_controller.rb	  def edit
edit	C:/Users/SEMP/rails/loggas/app/controllers/detales_controller.rb	  def edit
edit	C:/Users/SEMP/rails/loggas/app/controllers/implates_controller.rb	  def edit
getParent	C:/Users/SEMP/rails/loggas/app/assets/javascripts/bootstrap.js	function getParent($this)
index	C:/Users/SEMP/rails/loggas/app/controllers/notafiscals_controller.rb	  def index
index	C:/Users/SEMP/rails/loggas/app/controllers/tecnicos_controller.rb	  def index
index	C:/Users/SEMP/rails/loggas/app/controllers/consultors_controller.rb	  def index
index	C:/Users/SEMP/rails/loggas/app/controllers/servicos_controller.rb	  def index
index	C:/Users/SEMP/rails/loggas/app/controllers/clientes_controller.rb	  def index
index	C:/Users/SEMP/rails/loggas/app/controllers/produtos_controller.rb	  def index
index	C:/Users/SEMP/rails/loggas/app/controllers/detales_controller.rb	  def index
index	C:/Users/SEMP/rails/loggas/app/controllers/implates_controller.rb	  def index
new	C:/Users/SEMP/rails/loggas/app/controllers/notafiscals_controller.rb	  def new
new	C:/Users/SEMP/rails/loggas/app/controllers/tecnicos_controller.rb	  def new
new	C:/Users/SEMP/rails/loggas/app/controllers/consultors_controller.rb	  def new
new	C:/Users/SEMP/rails/loggas/app/controllers/servicos_controller.rb	  def new
new	C:/Users/SEMP/rails/loggas/app/controllers/clientes_controller.rb	  def new
new	C:/Users/SEMP/rails/loggas/app/controllers/produtos_controller.rb	  def new
new	C:/Users/SEMP/rails/loggas/app/controllers/detales_controller.rb	  def new
new	C:/Users/SEMP/rails/loggas/app/controllers/implates_controller.rb	  def new
next	C:/Users/SEMP/rails/loggas/app/assets/javascripts/bootstrap.js	function next()
removeElement	C:/Users/SEMP/rails/loggas/app/assets/javascripts/bootstrap.js	function removeElement()
removeWithAnimation	C:/Users/SEMP/rails/loggas/app/assets/javascripts/bootstrap.js	function removeWithAnimation()
show	C:/Users/SEMP/rails/loggas/app/controllers/notafiscals_controller.rb	  def show
show	C:/Users/SEMP/rails/loggas/app/controllers/tecnicos_controller.rb	  def show
show	C:/Users/SEMP/rails/loggas/app/controllers/consultors_controller.rb	  def show
show	C:/Users/SEMP/rails/loggas/app/controllers/servicos_controller.rb	  def show
show	C:/Users/SEMP/rails/loggas/app/controllers/clientes_controller.rb	  def show
show	C:/Users/SEMP/rails/loggas/app/controllers/produtos_controller.rb	  def show
show	C:/Users/SEMP/rails/loggas/app/controllers/detales_controller.rb	  def show
show	C:/Users/SEMP/rails/loggas/app/controllers/implates_controller.rb	  def show
test_homepage	C:/Users/SEMP/rails/loggas/test/performance/browsing_test.rb	  def test_homepage
up	C:/Users/SEMP/rails/loggas/db/migrate/20130111130432_remove_nome_from_cliente.rb	  def up
up	C:/Users/SEMP/rails/loggas/db/migrate/20130111235822_remove_cliente_to_notafiscal.rb	  def up
update	C:/Users/SEMP/rails/loggas/app/controllers/notafiscals_controller.rb	  def update
update	C:/Users/SEMP/rails/loggas/app/controllers/tecnicos_controller.rb	  def update
update	C:/Users/SEMP/rails/loggas/app/controllers/consultors_controller.rb	  def update
update	C:/Users/SEMP/rails/loggas/app/controllers/servicos_controller.rb	  def update
update	C:/Users/SEMP/rails/loggas/app/controllers/clientes_controller.rb	  def update
update	C:/Users/SEMP/rails/loggas/app/controllers/produtos_controller.rb	  def update
update	C:/Users/SEMP/rails/loggas/app/controllers/detales_controller.rb	  def update
update	C:/Users/SEMP/rails/loggas/app/controllers/implates_controller.rb	  def update
